this is gravlax it's an app for the iPad
iPhone and iPod begins with this grid of
stars and as you touch the screen you
draw them towards you with gravity so
it's a way of drawing with stars when
you let go they come to a halt and then
you can go in and move them tease them
explode them when you double tap it's
possible to change settings the circle
brings you to parameters you can change
the star size the number of stars and
then you have more material to work with
you can also use more than one finger or
your friends finger and you can change
from normal gravity to anti-gravity
it's possible to turn on colors and you
can choose random colors when you move
the stars are colored by how fast
they're going
it also works in all models of the
iPhone
and if you have something you'd like to
share you can save this to your photos
or you can post the images directly to
Facebook
you